apila 14
desapila_dir 0
ir_a 552
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
lee
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
reserva 1
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 1
suma
apila 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
igual
ir_f 128
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 122
desapila_ind
ir_a 63
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
menor
ir_f 154
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 1
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 148
desapila_ind
ir_a 53
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
suma
mayor
ir_f 180
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 2
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 174
desapila_ind
ir_a 53
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila false
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_valor
apila DIR_valor
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 213
desapila_ind
ir_a 13
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
ir_f 240
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 234
desapila_ind
ir_a 53
ir_v 198
apila_dir 0
apila 3
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
and
ir_f 327
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 1
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 285
desapila_ind
ir_a 264
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 10
menor
ir_f 313
desapila_ind
apila DIR_secuencia
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
suma
apila 0
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 1
suma
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 2
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 321
desapila_ind
ir_a 264
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 353
desapila_ind
ir_a 264
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
apila 10
menor
ir_f 373
desapila_ind
apila DIR_secuencia
apila_dir NIVEL_numElem
apila DIR_numElem
suma
suma
apila 1
neg
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 0
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
desapila_dir 0
apila 0
distinto
ir_f 439
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 1
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 418
desapila_ind
ir_a 396
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila 2
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 432
desapila_ind
ir_a 396
libera 1
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 463
desapila_ind
ir_a 396
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_arbol
apila DIR_arbol
suma
apila 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 0
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_dir 1
desapila_ind
desapila_dir 1
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
desapila_dir 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila 0
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
suma
escribe
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_i
apila DIR_i
suma
apila 1
suma
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
not
ir_f 538
desapila_ind
apila_dir NIVEL_fin
apila DIR_fin
suma
ir_v 506
apila_dir 0
apila 3
resta
desapila_dir 0
apila_dir 0
apila 2
suma
apila_ind
desapila_dir 1
desapila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila_ind
ir_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 561
desapila_ind
ir_a 3
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
clona 1
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 575
desapila_ind
ir_a 254
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_arbol
desapila_ind
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 589
desapila_ind
ir_a 386
apila_dir 0
apila 3
suma
dup
apila 0
suma
apila DIR_secuencia
clona 10
apila_dir 0
apila 1
suma
apila 603
desapila_ind
ir_a 487
